h1=. BCFclass documentation

h2. BCFfile class

This is the main class of the BCF reader.
if a filename is given, it will be read.

??Example:??

bc. from BCFclass import *
bcf = BCFfile("sample.bcfzip")
print(bcf.Topics[0])

h2. Class funtion BCFfile.read()

Read the active BCF file
This function is automatically called by the class constructor.

h2. Class funtion BCFfile.getImage(filename)

Returns the image data of a snapshot file from the active BCF file

h1. BCFtopic class

h2. Class members

This class represents one topic from the BCF file.
It has the following members :

* Guid ??string??
* TopicType ??string??
* TopicStatus ??string??
* Title ??string??
* Priority ??string??
* TopicIndex ??string??
* CreationDate ??datetime??
* CreationAuthor ??string??
* ModifiedDate ??datetime??
* ModifiedAuthor ??string??
* Stage ??string??
* Description ??string??
* Viewpoints ??List of "BCFviewpoint":#vpt objects?? 
* Comments ??List of "BCFcomment":#com objects??

h2. Class funtion BCFtopic.read(node)

Read a BCF topic from an XML node pointing on a "markup.bcf" file of the BCFzip.
Includes Comments and Viewpoints.

h2. Class funtion BCFtopic.index()

Function that returns the TopicIndex of the comment as a sort key.
This function is used to sort the Topics by their "Index" attribute.

h2. Class funtion BCFtopic.addComment(comment)

Append one comment to the topic's Comments list.
The comment is a single BCFcomment object. (see "BCFcomment class":#com)

h2. Class funtion BCFtopic.addViewpoint(viewpoint)

Append the viewpoint to the topic's Viewpoints list
The viewpoint is a single BCFcomment object. (see "BCFviewpoint class":#vpt)

h1(#vpt). BCFviewpoint class

h2. Class members

* Guid ??string??
* Viewpoint ??string??
* Snapshot ??string??
* ViewIndex ??string??
* CameraViewPoint ??tuple of 3 floats??
* CameraDirection ??tuple of 3 floats??
* CameraUpVector ??tuple of 3 floats??
* FieldOfView ??float??

h2. Class funtion BCFviewpoint.index()

Function that returns the Viepoint Index of the comment as a sort key

h2. Class funtion BCFviewpoint.read(node, bcfzip, directory)

Read BCF viewpoint from an XML node and the associated .bcfv file in the bcfzip file

h1(#com). BCFcomment class

* Guid ??string??
* Date ??datetime??
* Author ??string??
* Comment ??string??
* Viewpoint ??string??
* ModifiedDate ??datetime??
* ModifiedAuthor ??string??

h2. Class funtion BCFcomment.index()

Function that returns the Date of the comment as a sort key

h2. Class funtion BCFcomment.read(node)

Read BCF Comment from an XML node

h1. Utilities

h2. Funtion getXMLtext(node, name)

Read an XML node text and returns it or "-" if the node does not exist

h2. Funtion getXMLdate(node, name)

Read an XML node text containing an ISO date and returns it or None if the node does not exist

h2. Funtion getXMLattr(node, name)

Read an XML node attribute and returns it or "-" if the attribute does not exist